the UV training that we do here is to prepare you. You ve platoons for
deployment into theaters across the globe, ready to do major combat
operations based on what the combatant commanders intent is. So we're
gonna train this entire platoon to be able to operate in small units
in austere environments in all kinds of weather, working off a small
craft, using small vehicles and things of that nature in order
to accomplish the overarching mission of finding, detecting, neutralizing
and exploiting underwater mines and basically, anything else.
It's under the water that needs to be found or surveyed or searched.
That's what we're training, too.